# RFC 2119 [:link:](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2119)

**Category:** Best Current Practice

RFCs 中用於標示實作必要性等級的關鍵字


#### Status of this Memo

This document specifies an Internet Best Current Practices for the
Internet Community, and requests discussion and suggestions for
improvements.  Distribution of this memo is unlimited.


#### Abstract

In many standards track documents several words are used to signify
the requirements in the specification.  These words are often
capitalized.  This document defines these words as they should be
interpreted in IETF documents.  Authors who follow these guidelines
should incorporate this phrase near the beginning of their document:

> The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL
> NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED",  "MAY", and
> "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as described in
> [RFC 2119](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2119).

Note that the force of these words is modified by the requirement
level of the document in which they are used.

1. `必須 (MUST)` 一詞, 或是 **"必要 (REQUIRED)"**、 **"應 (SHALL)"**, 代表規範中絕對要包含此項定義

2. `不可 (MUST NOT)` 一詞, 或是 **"不得 (SHALL NOT)"** 代表規範中絕對禁止此項定義

3. `該 (SHOULD)` This word, or the adjective **"建議 (RECOMMENDED)"**, mean that there
   may exist valid reasons in particular circumstances to ignore a
   particular item, but the full implications must be understood and
   carefully weighed before choosing a different course.

4. `不該 (SHOULD NOT)` This phrase, or the phrase **"不建議 (NOT RECOMMENDED)"** mean that
   there may exist valid reasons in particular circumstances when the
   particular behavior is acceptable or even useful, but the full
   implications should be understood and the case carefully weighed
   before implementing any behavior described with this label.

5. `得 (MAY)` This word, or the adjective "OPTIONAL", mean that an item is
   truly optional.  One vendor may choose to include the item because a
   particular marketplace requires it or because the vendor feels that
   it enhances the product while another vendor may omit the same item.
   An implementation which does not include a particular option MUST be
   prepared to interoperate with another implementation which does
   include the option, though perhaps with reduced functionality. In the
   same vein an implementation which does include a particular option
   MUST be prepared to interoperate with another implementation which
   does not include the option (except, of course, for the feature the
   option provides.)

6. **Guidance in the use of these Imperatives**

   Imperatives of the type defined in this memo must be used with care
   and sparingly.  In particular, they MUST only be used where it is
   actually required for interoperation or to limit behavior which has
   potential for causing harm (e.g., limiting retransmisssions)  For
   example, they must not be used to try to impose a particular method
   on implementors where the method is not required for
   interoperability.

7. **Security Considerations**

   These terms are frequently used to specify behavior with security
   implications.  The effects on security of not implementing a MUST or
   SHOULD, or doing something the specification says MUST NOT or SHOULD
   NOT be done may be very subtle. Document authors should take the time
   to elaborate the security implications of not following
   recommendations or requirements as most implementors will not have
   had the benefit of the experience and discussion that produced the
   specification.

8. **致謝**

   請直接查看原文

9. **作者聯絡方式**

   請直接查看原文
